[Music]
from your secret friend
let's play a game just me and you
any of this mean anything to you
you're becoming quite a celebrity
[Music]
is he writing to you
if you are justice
please do not lie
what is the price for your blind
eye
the hell are you supposed to be
i'm vengeance
this guy's crazy
you're part of this too
oh my part of it
you'll see
this world is not yet ready for all that
you will do
your time will come diana
and everything will be different
citizens of the world
i'm here to change your life
anything you want
[Music]
anything you dream of you can have it
you look like you saw a ghost
diana lucky you it's like now one day
has passed
i don't want to be like anyone i want to
be an
apex predator
you've always had everything while
people like me have had nothing
well now it's my turn
get used to it
i've never been one for rules the answer
is always
more
the way i fly they will never find us i
forgot to tell you
what radar will they will they shoot at
[Applause]
[Music]
us
barbara what did you do
you know i'm not so keen on this one i
figure uh you are but
you know what i'm ready to go i think we
can do better
parachute pants yeah does everybody
parachute now
michael i've known you since you were a
child
[Music]
you have a gift you always have
if there's an answer to the disease
you'll find it
[Music]
i should have died years ago
why am i still here if not to fix this
i have a rare blood disease and i'm
running out of time
this can be my last chance
you're up to something what is it
it's not exactly legal
i want to see you get hurt more than you
already have
this would be a cure
at what cost
feeling more alive than ever increased
strength and speed
the ability to use echolocation
even overpowering urge to consume blood
how far are we allowed to go
we'll fix something that's broken
until the remedy
is worse than the disease
michael morbius got tired of doing the
whole good guy thing huh
what's up guy
[Music]
i think it's going to surprise people
you kind of sit there and go how did
they do that
it's gonna be different from any
superhero movie ever made
there's no one better in the world to
direct the suicide squad
then james gunn i was excited with an
opportunity to be able to do
the suicide squad in the way it could be
done from my point of view
this one is completely unique this is a
gritty 1970s war movie
combined with brilliance of james gunn's
characters and comedy
you need your director to set the vibe
the suicide squad is just
a twisted fantasy of characters
within each of our characters there's a
certain beauty
within most of them some of them are
just pretty crappy through and through
be like a douchey captain america the
guy who believes
in peace at any cost no matter how many
people he needs to
kill along the way okay i got it
don't ever settle back like you think
you know where this is going because
you don't as soon as you have some sense
about what's about to happen next
james comes in
everyone is exploding genitals heads
arms legs
it's like a big massive graphic novel
brought to life this is by far the
biggest movie i've ever made
i don't think that you know what to
expect
don't get too attached this has been
truly
the greatest most exciting
journey of my life making this film
cut that was great there was a secret
chord that david played
and it pleased the lord but you don't
really care for music
do you
it goes like this the fourth
the fifth the minor fall
the major lift the baffled
king composing hallelujah
[Music]
[Applause]
i did my best it wasn't much
i couldn't feel it so i had tried to
touch
i've told the truth that i didn't come
hallelujah
[Music]
[Applause]
me
this guy's probably fought hundreds of
thousands of other super beings on the
other planets he's destroyed right and
we have to assume he's won i don't care
how many demons he's fought and how many
hells
he's never fought us not us united
[Music]
i've been waiting for this moment for a
very long time
this is the one
this is the one that's going to change
everything
this is black adam
five thousand years ago kondok was a
melting pot of cultures
wealth power and magic
yet most of us had nothing except for
the chains
around our necks conduct needed a hero
instead they got me i did what needed to
be done and they imprisoned me for it
now 5000 years later
i'm free and i give you my word
no one will ever stop me again
[Music]